Easy Repro tool testing MDA
(Main, Quick create ,Quick view,Card)?
Can we be able to execute flow with connection for user who has triggered it?
Can we be able to use CSS or Javascript in PowerApps?
Can we use anything other than form in model driven app?
Compare IsError() and IfError()?
Consider scenario where after item is deleted in SharePoint Online list it needs to be created in different tenant. How we can achieve it in Power Automate?
Difference between System Administrator, System customizer and Environment Maker role?
Explain Global variable, screen variable , enviornment variable?
Explain component properties Input, Output, Function, Action, Event?
Explain delegation in power apps?
Explain error handling function in Power apps?
Explain error handling in power automate?
Explain it with example?
Explain power automate approval workflows?
How can store dataverse attachment in SharePoint?
How do you call a power automate flow in the model driven app?
How do you handle larger data sets without slowing down the app?
How do you managed permissions in power apps?
How to call Azure function thorugh powerautomate?
How to configure CI/CD pipeline?
How to configure one user to see only its created data and other users can see all data in model driven app?
How to debug application in Power apps?
How to design responsive application on canvas application?
How to develop people picker in power app?
How to getting large data like 15000 records in PowerApps and Power automate?
How to handle drop down of 10000 options?
How to handle error handling in power apps and power automate?
How to let power automate flow run on certain condition?
How to limit number of execution of power automate flows?
How to send reminder in every week if approver has not taken action in approval workflow?
How to solve performance issue in power apps?
How to update data in external system using custom api?
How to use git version control in power apps?
How to use graph api in Power apps?
How to you get power automate logs?
How we can create it?
How we could stop loop back in power automate?
How would you approach a project when a user came to you?
If an Excel file has data that is added to a Dataflow and then stored in a Dataverse table, how would you restore it in case of data loss?
If an Excel file is stored in SharePoint, which Power Platform app or connector would you use to work with its data, and why?
If there multiple flows in application , how to implement reusable set actions/solution in it?
In Power Apps, how would you show a loading spinner when a button is clicked to trigger a flow, and how would you handle the case where the flow fails or does not return output?
In Power automate we are using excel connector. Excel file is stored in document library. However in Power Automate we are not able to get any table in selection. What could be wrong?
Is preview version of connector recommended for Production use?
Is user left org then what about that flow ownership?
Javascript injection Model driven app?
Types of environment in power apps?
What are Custom connector?
What are Limitation of powerapps?
What are best practices in power apps and power automate?
What are components?
What are different function available in power apps to update datasource records?
What are different table type in Dataverse?
What are different type of app in power apps?
What are limitation in Power Automate?
What are new feature in power apps?
What are security role in dataverse?
What are the different types of flows in Power Automate, and can you give examples of when each type is best suited?
What are the different ways to implement error handling in Power Apps?
What different kinds of form in dataverse?
What is Assign new co-owner(s) to an orphaned flow?
What is CI/CD pipeline?
What is Cache?
What is Combo box how to show 2 items selected multiple by default?
What is Connection Vs Connection reference?
What is Custom bar editing in Model driven application?
What is DLP type?
What is DataVerse?
What is Delegation in canvas apps?
What is Desktop flow?
What is Difference between canvas and model driven apps?
What is Difference between dropdown and combobox?
What is Difference between virtual table and data flow?
What is Environment strategy?
What is Explain Subgrid and its usage in Model driven application?
What is Explain relationship (One to many, Many to one,Many to Many ) with example?
What is MS code review tool?
What is MyCurrency (Value Column) stores the amount?
What is MyCurrency_precision (Precision Column) stores the number of decimal places?
What is POWER APP best practice?
What is Power App Security consideration?
What is Power automate pipeline prerequires?
What is Power automate pipeline?
What is SOLID principle pattern in power app?
What is SharePoint get item action row limit in power automate?
What is SharePoint rest api limit?
What is Where you can see history of power automate run beyond 28 days?
What is While closing app, give confirmation?
What is With function in canvas app?
What is azure function vs web jobs?
What is back enabled settings in power app?
What is business rules?
What is call sub flow from main flow?
What is can we change ownership?
What is can we share power to extern user?
What is can we use lookup from SQL table to dataverse virtual table?
What is canvas app 5 items check box selected in gallery and copy that selected item in dataverse or SharePoint list?
What is collection row limit?
What is concurrent function in canvas app?
What is container type?
What is copilot studio?
What is currency column created data verse then how many column created?
What is custom connecter?
What is custom validation on canvas app?
What is deep linking?
What is delay in power app?
What is delegation in canvas app?
What is delegation limit?
What is deletion control?
What is design pattern,principle in power app?
What is difference between Isblank , IsEmpty?
What is difference between Update,Patch?
What is difference between gallery and data table?
What is difference between lookup filter and search function in power apps?
What is difference between organization and User ownership?
What is difference between system customizer vs environment admin?
What is difference between update and upgrade?
What is documentation?
What is file size limit in power app?
What is filter vs collection?
What is gallery control action?
What is gallery control type?
What is gallery inside gallery?
What is how to add gallery into gallery?
What is how to apply alternate color to grid in power app?
What is how to copy one configuration dataverse table data to another environment?
What is how to increase performance of power app?
What is how to install COE kit?
What is how to make canvas app responsive?
What is how to store file using power app in SharePoint?
What is if 50 users are using model driven app and 10 user using model driven app then which power app license is useful?
What is if one form but need to save data in to 3 different list at same time?
What is in canvas app get data from 2 SharePoint list date and show in gallery?
What is liquid template in power pages?
What is manage and unmanged environment?
What is model drive app and difference with canvas app?
What is named formula?
What is named formulaes?
What is nested loop limit?
What is new feature in canvas app and flow?
What is old canvas app , but customer is complaining about performance , what to check?
What is one dataverse virtual table to another virtual table as lookup?
What is patch syntax?
What is pdf?
What is per app , per user license?
What is power app using datavrse as virtual table to azure sql , what is respon time?
What is power apps limitations?
What is power automate flow geting 4000 itme from SharePoint list , how to check power automate performance?
What is power automate license and capacity management?
What is power automate limitation?
What is power automate trigger when status value changed?
What is power platform license?
What is process to updated datacard fields control in form control?
What is publisher in creating solution?
What is responsive canavas app?
What is share app to everyone?
What is similar control like gallery control?
What is sql query in canvas app?
What is stream?
What is the difference between IsEmpty() and IsBlank() in Power Apps, and when should you use each?
What is the difference between LookUp(), First(), and Filter() functions in Power Apps, and when would you use each?
What is the difference between Patch() and SubmitForm() in Power Apps, and when would you use each method?
What is the difference between Search() and Filter() in Power Apps, and which is more efficient for large datasets?
What is types of flows - power automate?
What is updating same item in power automate (infinite loop issue-how to resolve it)?
What is want to change all button color at once in power app?
What is web roles,Table permission,Page permission in power pages?
What is when to user tablet and when to use mobile in power app?
What is workflow trigger condition?
What kind of license required to access premium connector?
When both JavaScript and Business Rules are configured on a Model-Driven App form, the execution order?
When to use dataverse vs SharePoint?
Which are the delegable functions?
Why might the OnError property not work as expected in Power Apps, and how can you handle errors effectively instead?
Why to create custom connector instead of direct HTTP call?
XRM object model?
can share power app to extrenal user?
can we change flow owner?
can we use JavaScript in canvas app?
can we use SQL db in canvas and is end user required permission?
can we use mutiple datasourecin power app?
can we use third party api in canvas app?
canvas app any challenges?
how to add control dynamically?
how to build responsive app in canvas app?
how to call child flow if no solution?
how to create env variable file for CI/CD pipeline?
how to delete dataverse table data from last 30 days and its has million data ,bulk delete?
how to get flow run history after 28 days?
how to get more than 25 email attachment from outlook using power automate?
how to know that data is saved in SQL in case of virtual table of dtaverse?
how to make app responsive?
how to make canvas app responsive?
how to monitor canvas app?
how to monitor performance and how to improve it?
how to retrieve more than 45k data from SharePoint?
how to share form control as per SharePoint group permission?
how to update all 25 items in SharePoint library?
how to update bulk edit in canvas app, 20 items at a time?
input/output properties?
what are Power platform environment types?
what are the challenge if we have single environment?
what are variable types like global/local?
what is advantages and disadvantages of using form and custom form controls?
what is the use of child flows?
what is type cast in canvas app?
where you used liquid code?
why MS introduced collection as there is variable can store table data?

if 5 teams and 10 user , one user can see his rocrd and all other , but other team shoudl not 
canvas app with copioot agent , what license ?
is grap api get more that 1000 record , data show in gallery in canva app
show sap data relatime in canvas app , like nay update it will show imedialty on canavs app 
is E5 license comes with coplilot license 
approval flow , i used start and wait action , but 2 stage user not avrroved in 2 days then i need to move to secod stage 
if apporver flow is all shuld be arroved but 2 user approved but 3rd user not apprved , but how to know who is not ayer apprved 
if any issue happen in Production then how you solve
100 canavas app user  and datavrse as database , that wht kind of licnse required , if service account to run flow then what licnse required 
if 100 app user want to save data in user conteext in datavrse then what kind of licnse required best
if i use serach fucntion and share poit as db then what is best way ti imple canavs app usinf gallery 
if i search reuile in reusle 3000 item and gallery is there , is gallery show more that 2000 items , how ?


